Document `refetchQueries` caveat for `skip` vs `skipToken` (#13290)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/migrating/apollo-client-4-migration.mdx

A query is in standby if it is skipped with the `skip` option or `skipToken` in a React hook, or if the `fetchPolicy` is set to `standby`.

> Although both `skip` and `skipToken` put a query in standby, `client.refetchQueries({ include: [QUERY] })` handles them differently before the first execution. Queries created with `skip: true` can still be refetched because Apollo Client already has their options, including any variables. Queries created with `skipToken` are excluded until after their first execution because Apollo Client doesn't know which variables to use yet. This behavior was introduced in v4.0.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although both `skip` and `skipToken` put a query in standby, `client.refetchQueries({ include: [QUERY] })` handles them differently before the first execution. Queries you create with `skip: true` can still be refetched because Apollo Client already has their options, including any variables that might be needed for refetching. 
Queries you create with `skipToken` are excluded until after their first execution because Apollo Client doesn't know which variables to use yet. This behavior was introduced in Apollo Client v4.0.11.
```
